We've now created a ingress controller through Ingress and X inside of our cluster.
So now we need to teach this thing a couple of routing rules and tell it how to take incoming requests
and send them off to some appropriate pods.
We're going to do that by writing a config file that's going to contain some router rules.
We will then feed that into our cluster, where it will be automatically discovered by the ingress controller.
The ingress controllers then going to update its own internal set of routing rules to match the ones
that we just gave it.
So let's create this config file.
Back inside my editor, I'm going to find my AIDS directory.
And inside there I'll make a new file called Ingress CRV HTML.
So inside of here, we're going to write out some more config.
Similar nature to a lot of the config we've already put together.
I'm going to first start off with an API version once again.
This one is going to be very different than the API versions we've used previously.
I'm going to put in networking.
Okay.
IO slash v one.
Beta one.
I'll then put in a kind of ingress.
We'll have some metadata.
I'm going to give this thing a name of ingress CRV.
And then this next one is really important.
We're going to put in annotations.
And inside their Kubernetes.
IO ingress S-Class of Engine X.
This entire annotation section is what's going to help the ingress controller understand that we are
trying to feed it some routing rules, so the ingress controller is going to continuously scan all the
different objects or all the different config files.
So we're throwing into our cluster and it's going to try to find one that has this exact annotation
right here.
When it finds this, the ingress controller is going to say, Oh, this must thing, this thing must
have some routing rules for me.
Really quickly.
Make sure you've got the correct spelling on annotations and Kubernetes.
A lot of easy places to make typos inside of here.
Next up, we're going to put our spec together.
Inside a spec, we'll have rules.
Rules is going to have all the different routing rules that we want to apply to teach the ingress controller
how to take incoming traffic and route them off to our different pots.
Rules is going to be an array.
And as we've seen many times to designate an array entry in YAML, we'll put in a single dash like so.
Well then write in a host of posts.
That probably doesn't make any sense just yet.
Totally fine.
Just bear with me for a moment.
We're then going to write in HTTP hats, another array entry.
So a dash right there.
And the first routing rule that we're going to set up is going to take incoming traffic and send it
off to our post service.
So as a quick reminder, if we open up our post micro microservice right here and take a look at the
indexes file, we expect to get traffic on the incoming route of posts.
So we're going to make sure that if any request is coming into our application with a path of slash
posts, we're going to send it off to our post microservice.
To do so we're not going to send it directly to the post pod or anything like that.
Instead, we're going to send it to the post cluster IP service because remember, these cluster IP
services are how we communicate between different things inside of our cluster.
So to implement all that, we're going to write out path of slash posts.
Then back end.
Service name is post cluster IP service or CRV.
And then the ports on that service.
So service port of 4000.
And remember, it is 4000 because that's what we had designated back inside of our Post Depot right
here, port of 4000.
Okay.
So that is our first routing rule.
Now, we haven't really discussed what is going on with this post thing right there, but right now,
let's just save this and then go back over to our terminal.
And we're going to apply that config file between the last video and this one.
I already change back into my AIDS directory.
Make sure you do the same and then we will apply the ingress csv file.
So it'll apply f ingress svg html.
For me, it says unchanged because I did a quick test right before this video for you.
Hopefully you will see something that says created.
If you see any errors right now, chances are that something went wrong during the initial setup process
in the last video.
Or most likely you might have made a typo inside this file.
Okay.
So we've now applied this config file and in theory we have updated a configuration of this ingress
controller.
But how do we actually test this out?
Well, a lot of this comes back to this host property right here.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
I'm going to tell you a little bit more about this host property and what it's really doing for us.